Visitor Details - custom section (#280)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: site/content/agent-app-widgets/js-api.md

LiveChat.putMessage("Hello! This message comes from the App Widget. Press enter to send it!");
```

> ## Add new content to Visitor Details

Reviewer: Should be this called `Visitor Details`? 'Cause we're using `Customer Details` all over the place... Dunno, just asking.❓

Author: Changed to `Customer Details` for now, I think that's a better choice given that we use it elsewhere already.

### Introduction

You can use the SDK to add your own content to the Visitor Details view. To better understand the following part, lets first define the definitions we will be using:   

- **Section** - An element of Visitor Details that can be collapsed / expanded and includes a completed set of information that is grouped under a single title.
- **Component** - A single line in the section that can have one of the pre-defined formats and be filled with the data from AAW.

### How to add a section
To extend the Visitor Details view, you need to first declare the initial state of the section in the Developer Console:

  1. Log into the Agent App using your license.
  2. Go to [Developer Console Apps](https://developers.livechatinc.com/console/apps) and select your app or create a new one with the Agent App Widget template.

>   3. Go to the `Building blocks` section of your app and create a new Agent App widget. You need to provide the `Widget source URL`, which can be either an URL pointing to the Web (for eg. `https://livechat.github.io/sample-widget-integration/`) or to localhost (for eg. `https://localhost:4000`), if you want to use the local version of the widget.

Author: Removed the URL and added an explanation what the URL is used for at the end.

  4. Set the `Widget placement` to `Chat details` and provide the initial state JSON, eg.: 

```json
{
  "customSections": [
    { 
      "title": "Example section",
      "components": [
        {
          "type": "button",
          "data": {
            "label": "Example button",
            "id": "example-button"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
  6. The sections list can only be initialized once and they can't be modified afterwarts. This means you can't add or remove a section using the SDK later on. You can however modify the list of components inside a section later on.
  7. Go to `Private installation` and click the `Install app` button.

>   8. Your widget should be now visible in the right sidebar of the Agent App chat view. Beware - if you did not set any icon for your widget, it may appear that the widget not there. To make sure, you can hover over the widget icon bar and check if there's any clickable whitespace. You can set the icon in Developers Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  8. Your widget should be now visible in the right sidebar of the Agent App chat view. Beware - if you did not set any icon for your widget, it may seem that it's not there. To make sure, you can hover over the widget icon bar and check if there's any clickable whitespace. You can set the icon in Developers Console.
```

      {
        "type": "button",
        "data": {
          "label": "Updated button",
          "id": "example-button"
        }
      }
    ]
  } 
);
```
---
**IMPORTANT**

The **title** attribute in the root of the JSON acts as an ID to the section and *cannot* be changed. You need to provide it to identify which section you want to update.

---

### Component types
Components are *lego bricks* which can be used for building a section.

#### Title
Title could be used in several cases. Component look depends on given data.

| Property | Required | Type | Note |
|----------|----------| ---- | ----------- |
| `title` | Yes | string |                   |
| `value` | No | string |                    |
| `description` | No | string |              |
| `imgUrl` | No | string |                   |
| `imgSize` | No | string, one of: ["small", "big"]` | Default value: "big" |
| `link` | No | string | URL added when title is a link. |

> Example of title component

```json
{
    type: 'title',
    data: {
        title: 'title',
        value: 'value',
        description: 'description',
        imgUrl: 'https://www.gstatic.com/webp/gallery/4.jpg'
    }
}
```

#### Button

> Simple button from design system

Reviewer: Be careful, properties listed in the table don't match the JSON.

Also, you should mention that you can listen for button clicks using the SDK:
```javascript
Livechat.on("customer_details_section_button_click", ({ buttonId }) => {
  console.log(buttonId);
});
```

The `buttonId` will be the `id` specified in the schema, so if you want to capture a specific click, you need to make sure that the `id` is unique across all definitions.

Author: Fixed, I'll also check the other ones after I fix the issues you listed.

| `value`  | Yes      | string | 

> Example of button component

```json
{
    type: 'button',
    data: {
          label: 'second button',
          id: 'second-button'
    }
}
```

#### Label with value

| Property | Required | Type    | Description |
|----------|----------| ------- | ----------- |
| `label`  | No       | string  |             |
| `value`  | No       | string  |             |
| `inline` | No       | boolean | Default value: `true` |

> Example of label with value component

```json
{
  type: 'label_value',
  data: {
    label: 'Name',
    value: 'Stefan',
  }
}
```

#### Link

| Property | Required | Type    | Description |
|----------|----------| ------- | ----------- |
| `url`    | Yes      | string  |             |
| `value`  | No       | string  |             |
| `target` | No       | string  | Same as HTML attribute |
| `inline` | No       | boolean |             |

> Example of link component

```json
{
  type: 'link',
  data: {
    value: 'click me',
    url: 'google.com'
  }
}
```

#### Line
Line could be used to separate section content. It has no components inside. 

> Example of line component

```json
{
    type: 'line'
}
```

> #### Section

Reviewer: We already discussed this with @TomaszRatajczyk some time ago and come to a conclusion that this part should come first before any other component explanation.
